Gilbert Trevino
Java Capstone

GitHub Address:
https://github.com/giltrev/rentCapstone


Property Management Software
Overview This application will give the property manger the ability to track Owners, Properties, Units, Tennats and Service calls.

Task 1
Create Initial project.   

Task 2 
Create the home page and site structure
Site Structure includes home page and all entity views with static data.
Crate MySQL data to populate tables with sample data.

Task 3
Set up page to display Property Owners and contact Info

Task 4
Set up page to display Properties and pertaining information

Task 5
Set up page to display individual Property units and pertaining information 

Task 6
Set up page to display tenant information

Task 7
Set up page to display vendor information

Task 8
Set up page to Add Property Owners and contact Info

Task 9
Set up page to Add Properties and pertaining information

Task 410
Set up page to Add individual Property units and pertaining information 

Task 11
Set up page to Add tenant information

Task 12
Set up page to Add vendor information

Task 13
Set up page to Update Property Owners and contact Info

Task 14
Set up page to Update Properties and pertaining information

Task 15
Set up page to Update individual Property units and pertaining information 

Task 16
Set up page to Update tenant information

Task 17
Set up page to Update vendor information

Task 18
Set up page to Delete Property Owners and contact Info

Task 19
Set up page to Delete Properties and pertaining information

Task 20
Set up page to Delete individual Property units and pertaining information 

Task 21
Set up page to Delete tenant information

Task 22
Set up page to Delete vendor information

Task 23
Create home page for Owners will see owner related information

Task 24
Create home page for Tenants will see only tenant information

Task 25
Create home page for Property Managers will see most of application

Task 26
Create home page for SystemAdministrators will see everything. 

Task 27
Create home page for Vendors will see Vendor information. 

Task 28
Create log in page
Depending on user type, this page will redirect to designated are of the application.

Task 29
Create tenant service call in function
Add Service call page  and associated java files.
this function will track what calls are open and what service vendor is taking care of the call.

Task 30
Create page to see Service calls.  Will include options to see only active and add several search fields. 

Task 31
Add function to create rent charge to active tenants.
Will look into ways of making this automatic, will make manual button initially.

Task 32 
Add function to calculate late fees

Task 33 
Add function to track collection of rent payments
including Date Time received, payment method, check number if applicable

Task 34
add function to print receipts for collecting rent

Task 35
Allow tenants to pay rent online






